Welcome to the Pak128.Sweden-Ex sources!


INTRODUCTION
Pak128.Sweden-Ex is a graphics set (pak) for Simutrans Experiemental. It requires a Simutrans Experiemental (S.E.) executable in order to play.

!! Do note that the pak is currently under development why many basic features (such as economy or factories) are not in place. !!


HOW TO PAK FILES
Using the "Pak128.Sweden-Ex.bat", you need to put the S.E. "Makeobj.exe" in the same folder as this "Readme.txt" i located. Then just press the "Pak128.Sweden-Ex.bat" and it should pak itself.


COMPATIBILITY
Pak.Sweden-Ex does currently run on the latest release of S.E. (Simutrans 112.3 Experiemental 11.35). No testing has been done wheter it runs on older releases of S.E. and not either on the current developing version for the next release of S.E. Use at you own risk!

LICENCE
Pak128.Sweden.Ex is released open source under the terms of the Artistic License. Please read licence.txt for details.

TECHNICAL ISSUES
If there are any technical issues (e.g. error messages, crashes) please make a post in "bugs" board of the Simutrans Forum - http://forum.simutrans.com/index.php?board=8.0 - Please also state which version of the Simutrans executable you are using and which operating system.

If you encounter any bugs by the pak itself (graphical glitches, missing objects etc), please make instead a similar post in the Swedish forum, http://forum.simutrans.com/index.php?board=22.0

GAMEPLAY NOTES
This pak is currently in "pre alfa" state, meaning its not playable as a game for the moment. Many key features, such as economy, factories, lack of vehicles etc are yet to be added to the pak before it makes sence as a playable game. However, it should compile and the things currently added should work as intended ingame.



If you have any notes, suggestions for improvements, or just want to help developing this pakset, feel free to post in the swedish section of the forum (english is allowed!)
http://forum.simutrans.com/index.php?board=22.0